Without music, life would be a mistake
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages
That which does not kill us makes us stronger
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once
There are no facts, only interpretations
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule
Man is the cruelest animal
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance
Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man?
Faith: not wanting to know what the truth is
Every deep thinker is more afraid of being understood than of being misunderstood
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings -- always darker, emptier and simpler
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything
The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means of it one gets through many a dark night
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly
There are no beautiful surfaces without a terrible depth
Be careful, lest in casting out your demon you exorcise the best thing in you
We have art in order not to die of the truth
A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends
One ought to hold on to one's heart; for if one lets it go, one soon loses control of the head too
In truth,there was only one christian and he died on the cross
All truly great thoughts are conceived while walking
Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent
That which is done out of love is always beyond good and evil
Art is the proper task of life
What does your conscience say? - 'You should become the person you are'
Amor Fati - Love Your Fate, which is in fact your life
Silence is worse; all truths that are kept silent become poisonous
Invisible threads are the strongest ties
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders
Stupidity in a woman is unfeminine
After coming into contact with a religious man I always feel I must wash my hands
A thought, even a possibility, can shatter and transform us
The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters
The visionary lies to himself, the liar only to others
They muddy the water, to make it seem deep
Ultimately, it is the desire, not the desired, that we love
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?
Become who you are!
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star
Is it better to out-monster the monster or to be quietly devoured?
I know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself
The voice of beauty speaks softly; it creeps only into the most fully awakened souls
Everything the State says is a lie, and everything it has it has stolen
Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy
Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful
One repays a teacher badly if one always remains nothing but a pupil
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'
Love is a state in which a man sees things most decidedly as they are not
One must give value to their existence by behaving as if ones very existence were a work of art
If you know the why, you can live any how
There are no eternal facts, as there are no absolute truths
Nothing on earth consumes a man more quickly than the passion of resentment
The irrationality of a thing is no argument against its existence, rather a condition of it
And once you are awake, you shall remain awake eternally
Only sick music makes money today
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point
Convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies
It is my ambition to say in ten sentences what others say in a whole book
What is the seal of liberation? Not to be ashamed in front of oneself
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation
One must pay dearly for immortality; one has to die several times while still alive
Live dangerously
The author must keep his mouth shut when his work starts to speak
I am one thing, my writings are another
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering
The spiritualization of sensuality is called love: it is a great triumph over Christianity
Love is blind. Friendship closes its eyes
The earth has a skin and that skin has diseases; one of its diseases is called man
Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity
Plato was a bore
Without forgetting it is quite impossible to live at all
The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad
If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs
Madness is something rare in individuals - but in groups, parties, peoples, ages, it is the rule
Poets are shameless with their experiences: they exploit them
As long as you still experience the stars as something "above you", you lack the eye of knowledge
Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen. Few in pursuit of the goal
What is the truth, but a lie agreed upon
That which does not kill me, makes me stronger
A thought comes when it will, not when I will
I hate who steals my solitude, without really offer me in exchange company
Truths are illlusions which we have forgotten are illusions
If we train our conscience, it kisses us while it hurts
Of all that is written I love only what a man has written in his own blood
He who possesseth little is so much the less possessed. Blessed be moderate poverty!
You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted
I obviously do everything to be "hard to understand" myself
The world is beautiful, but has a disease called man
Pardon me, my friends, I have ventured to paint my happiness on the wall
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself
Admiration for a quality or an art can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it
A joke is an epigram on the death of a feeling
Be careful when you cast out your demons that you dont throw away the best of yourself
There is an old illusion. It is called good and evil
What is done out of Love is beyond Good and Evil
The pure soul is a pure lie
Cynicism is the only form in which base souls approach honesty
He who climbs upon the highest mountains laughs at all tragedies, real or imaginary
Love, too, has to be learned
Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper
When you stare into the abyss the abyss stares back at you
I love him who seeks to create over and beyond himself and thus perishes
In the mountains of truth, you never climb in vain
A politician divides mankind into two classes: tools and enemies
Morality is the herd-instinct in the individual
Success has always been a great liar
A moral system valid for all is basically immoral
They call you heartless; but you have a heart and I love you for being ashamed to show it
Woman was Gods second mistake
Many a man fails as an original thinker simply because his memory is too good
In music the passions enjoy themselves
The vanity of others runs counter to our taste only when it runs counter to our vanity
One must be a sea, to receive a polluted stream without becoming impure
The real world is much smaller than the imaginary
He who cannot put his thoughts on ice should not enter into the heat of dispute
Blessed are the sleepy ones: for they shall soon fall off
Memory says, 'I did that.' Pride replies, 'I could not have done that.' Eventually, memory yields
This is the hardest of all: to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver
I am not upset that you lied to me, I am upset that from now on I cannot believe you
He who despises himself esteems himself as a self-despiser
I love the great despisers because they are the great adorers..
Belief means not wanting to know what is true
At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid
Be careful when you fight the monsters, lest you become one.
Everyone who has ever built anywhere a new heaven first found the power thereto in his own hell
Those you cannot teach to fly, teach to fall faster
The text has disappeared under the interpretation
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude
One is fruitful only at the cost of being rich in contradictions
The greatest cure for love is still that time honoured medicine - love returned
The more abstract the truth you wish to teach, the more you need to seduce the senses to it
One loves ultimately one's desires, not the thing desired
He who obeys, does not listen to himself!
That for which we find words is something already dead in our hearts
Digressions, objections, delight in mockery, carefree mistrust are signs of health..
Knowledge kills action; action requires the veils of illusion
Most people are far too much occupied with themselves to be malicious
Blessed are the forgetful; for they get over their stupidities, too
One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly
Close beside my knowledge lies my black ignorance
I would only believe in a god who could dance
All truth is simple ... is that not doubly a lie?
But thus do I counsel you, my friends: distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful!
A bad conscience is easier to cope with than a bad reputation
Art is essentially the affirmation, the blessing, and the deification of existence
When one has not had a good father, one must create one
I am no man, I am dynamite
It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right --especially when one is right
Your only problem, perhaps, is that you scream without letting yourself cry
Freedom is the will to be responsible for ourselves
When you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you
My formula for happiness: a Yes, a No, a straight line, a goal
There is no such thing as moral phenomena, but only a moral interpretation of phenomena
I have forgotten my umbrella
Character is determined more by the lack of certain experiences than by those one has had
Man is a rope, tied between beast and Superman--a rope over an abyss
Man's maturity: to have regained the seriousness that he had as a child at play
There they laugh: they do not understand me; I am not the mouth for these ears
I love those who do not know how to live, except by going under, for they are those who cross over
Christianity gave Eros poison to drink; he did not die of it, certainly, but degenerated to Vice
Every talent must unfold itself in fighting
All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses
Convictions are prisons
We ought to face our destiny with courage
The truth is ugly: we have art so as not to perish from the truth
Is man one of Gods blunders, or is God one of mans blunders?
The tree that would grow to heaven must send its roots to hell
We talk so abstractly about poetry because all of us are usually bad poets
Life is that which must overcome itself again and again
Some men are born posthumously
There is not enough religion in the world to destroy the worlds religions
The lie is a condition of life
Oh great star! What would your happiness be if you did not have us to shine for?
If we possess a why of life we can put up with almost any how
I hate you most because you attract, but are not strong enough to pull me to you
And if you are not a bird, then beware of coming to rest above an abyss
Not that you lied to me but that I no longer believe you has shaken me
No one dies of fatal truths nowadays: there are too many antidotes
I have never pondered over questions that are not questions
The noble soul reveres itself
God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight
Against boredom even gods struggle in vain
Deeds need time, even after they are done, in order to be seen or heard
The mother of excess is not joy but joylessness
The maturity of man-that means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play
My genius is in my nostrils
No artist tolerates reality
Supposing truth is a woman -- what then?
I fear you close by; I love you far away
Something unappeased, unappeasable, is within me
My humanity is a constant self-overcoming
A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them
Your educators can only be your liberators
Was that life? Well then, once more!
I mistrust all systematizers and avoid them. the will to a system is a lack of integrity
Which is it? Is man only a blunder of God? Or is God only a blunder of man?
Fanatics are picturesque, mankind would rather see gestures than listen to reasons
The wreckage of stars - I built a world from this wreckage
Existence really is an imperfect tense that never becomes a present
Every habit makes our hand more witty, and out wit more handy
How much truth does a spirit endure, how much truth does it dare?
Happiness is the feeling that power increases - that resistance is being overcome
Joyous distrust is a sign of health. Everything absolute belongs to pathology
As though "the Truth" were such an innocent and incompetent creature as to require protectors!
Christianity remains to this day the greatest misfortune of humanity
From which stars have we fallen to meet each other here?
Every word is a prejudice
Let old ones go. Dont be a memory-monger! Once you were young now you are even younger
He who does not lie does not know what truth is
It is the evening that questions thus from within me
Sometimes it is harder to accede to a thing than it is to see its truth
When a hundred men stand together, each of them loses his mind and gets another one
What? A great man? I only ever see the ape of his own ideal
One has to know the size of one's stomach
Human life is inexplicable, and still without meaning: a fool may decide its fate
It takes chaos to give birth to a dancing star
Disobedience- that is the nobility of slaves
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love
Not he is great who can alter matter, but he who can alter my state of mind
The bite of conscience is indecent
Life is at an end where the kingdom of God begins
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures
What have we in common with the rosebud, which trembles because a drop of dew is lying upon it?
A friend should be a master at guessing and keeping still: you must not want to see everything
And as long as you are in any way ashamed before yourself, you do not yet belong with us
I would not know what the spirit of a philosopher might wish more to be than a good dancer
God is dead, God remains dead, and we have killed him
The belly is the reason why man does not mistake himself for a god
Energy wasted on negative ends
They devour each other and cannot even digest themselves
In loneliness, the lonely one eats himself; in a crowd, the many eat him. Now choose
It is only as an aesthetic phenomenon that existence and the world are eternally justified
When one has much to put in them, a day has a thousand pockets
Human existence basically is a never to be completed imperfect tense
Happiness: being able to forget or, to express in a more learned fashion
We can destroy only as creators
In letting God sit in judgment they judge themselves; in glorifying God they glorify themselves
It is invisible hands that torment and bend us the worst
There's no defense against stupidity
Dead are all gods: now we want the overman to live
Everything in the world displeases me: but, above all, my displeasure in everything displeases me
The melancholy of everything completed!
Are you a slave? Then you cannot be a friend. Are you a tyrant? Then you cannot have friends
Growth in wisdom can be measured precisely by decline in bile
Morality negates life
Our crime against criminals lies in the fact that we treat them like rascals
Life has not been devised by morality: it wants deception, it lives on deception
The final reward of the dead - to die no more
Visiting the sick' is an orgasm of superiority in the contemplation of our neighbor's helplessness
Whoever extolls him as a God of love, does not think highly enough of love itself
And when he invented his hell, that was his heaven on earth
The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them
And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you
Light for some time to come will have to be called darkness
When thou goest to woman, take thy whip
It is not the strength, but the duration, of great sentiments that makes great men
How good music and bad reasons sound when one marches against an enemy
Only ideas won by walking have any value
As an artist, a man has no home in Europe save in Paris
I might believe in the Redeemer if his followers looked more redeemed
A day when you haven't danced, you haven't lived
Whatever is profound loves masks; what is most profound even hates image and parable
There is no pre-established harmony between the furtherance of truth and the well-being of mankind
A good author possesses not only his own intellect, but also that of his friends
In every real man, a child is hidden that wants to play
Die at the right time
He who knows the reader, does nothing for the reader
One cannot refute Christianity; one cannot refute a disease of the eye
He who fights monster should beware, lest he become a monster himself
When the gratitude of many to one throws away all shame, we behold fame
My melancholy wants to rest in the hiding places and abysses of perfection: that is why I need music
Without music, life would be a mistake.. I would only believe in a God who knew how to dance
Man Is Something That Must Be Overcome
Ye shall only have foes to be hated; but not foes to be despised: ye must be proud of your foes
Philosophy is not suited for the masses, what they need is holiness
Mystical explanations are considered deep. The truth is that they are not even superficial
Everything that is deep loves the mask
The familiarity of superiors embitters one, because it may not be returned
Under peaceful conditions a warlike man sets upon himself
When virtue has slept it will arise more vigorous
ridendo dicere severum. (tr. Through what is laughable say what is somber.)
A thinking man never be a party man
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men
Mankind ought constantly to be striving to produce Great Men --this and nothing else is its duty
Thou great star! what would be thy happiness if thou hadst not those for whom thou shinest!
When a woman has scholarly inclinations there is usually something wrong with her sexuality
In revenge and in love woman is more barbaric than man is
Only Individuals have a sense of Responsibility
Man does not strive for happiness; only the Englishman does that
I notice that Autumn is more the season of the soul than of nature
All beings so far have created something beyond themselves
A time came when one rubbed one's eyes; one is still rubbing them today
Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings
What was silent in the father speaks in the son
The strongest intimidation, by the way, is the invention of a hereafter with a hell everlasting
Life is a journey so everyone is a tourist
All of life is a dispute over taste and tasting
In solitude the solitary man consumes himself, in the crowd the crowd consumes him
Who have a why to live can bear any how
I am alone again and I want to be so; alone with the pure sky and open sea
Where one can no longer love, there one should pass by
All that exists is just and unjust and is equally justified in both respects
I deny morality as I deny alchemy
The wittiest authors raise the very slightest of smiles
The sedentary life...is the real sin against the holy spirit
Water is sufficient...the spirit moves over water
... first learn to construct the parts properly before it ventures to fashion a great whole; ..
The struggle of maturity is to recover the seriousness of a child at play
All great artists and thinkers are great workers
Poets treat their experiences shamelessly: they exploit them
Books for the masses are always bad-smelling books: the odour of little people cling to them
And must I not conceal myself like one who has swallowed gold- lest my soul should be ripped up?
Here is the great city: here have you nothing to seek and everything to lose
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster
Loneliness is one thing, solitude another: you have learned that - now!
Be careful when you fight the monsters, lest you become one
Some cannot loosen their own chains and can nonetheless redeem their friends
One should not go into churches if one wishes to breathe pure air
I am the leading strings of the ego and the prompter of its concepts
It is the stillest words which bring the storm
Skepticism regarding morality is what is decisive
The spirit now wills his own will, and he who had been lost to the world now conquers the world
Willing emancipates: for willing is creating: so do I teach. And only for creating shall you learn!
My formula is Amor fati: ... not only to bear up under every necessity, but to love it.
The great epochs of life come when we gain the courage to re-christen our evil as what is best in us
Smooth ice is paradise for those who dance with expertise
Whoever does not believe himself always lies
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe
To make an individual uncomfortable, that is my task
He who is punished is never he who performed the deed. He is always the scapegoat
Men after death are understood worse than men of the moment, but heard better
Association with other people corrupts our character; especially when we have none
One still works, for work is a pastime. But one is careful lest the pastime should hurt one
The great wars of the present age are the effects of the study of history
These trumpeters of reality are bad musicians
Like tourists huffing and puffing to reach the peak we forget the view on the way up
The more you let yourself go, the less others let you go
Dostoevsky,the only psychologist from whom I've anything to learn
The thought of suicide is a great consolation. It has helped me through many a weary night
With hard men intimacy is a thing of shame- and something precious
The night is also a sun
If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you?
One puts to ones lips what drives one faster into the abyss
Men need play & danger. Civilization gives them work and safety
The process of evolution does not necessarily mean elevation, enhancement, strengthening
I do not know how to make a distinction between tears and music﻿
Great intellects are skeptical
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man
When virtue has slept, it will arise again all the fresher
Always look on the bright side of the abyss
Is life not a hundred times too short for us to stifle ourselves?
If a man has a great deal to put in them, a day will have a hundred pockets
What can everyone do? Praise and blame. This is human virtue, this is human madness
Spirit and his solitude, and for ten years did not weary of it. But finally he had a change of heart
Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious
Atheism and a kind of _second innocence_ belong together
You have been a poor observer of life if you have not also seen the hand that, ever so gently kills
An artist chooses his subjects.. that is the way he praises
Flight from boredom is the mother of all art
I live in my own light, I drink back into myself the flames that break from me
Write with blood, and you will find that blood is spirit
The Church today is more likely to alienate than to seduce..
I attack only things that are triumphant - if necessary, I wait until they become triumphant
Moral contempt is a far greater indignity and insult than any kind of crime
"Why?" said Zarathustra. "Thou askest why? I do not belong to those who may be asked after their Why"
He who considers more deeply knows that, whatever his acts and judgements may be, he is always wrong
Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly
How much blood and horror is at the bottom of all 'good things'!
Life without music is a mistake
Man is a rope stretched between the animal and the superman - a rope over an abyss
Life is a dark chain of events
The best author will be the one who is ashamed to become a writer
Excess of strength alone is proof of strength
Become who you are
In reality, hope is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs mans torments
Man is a rope stretched between the animal and the Superman- a rope over an abyss
The surest way to corrupt a youth? Teach him to value thinking alike more than thinking differently
Even now man is more of an ape than any of the apes
If God wrote the New Testament, he knew surprisingly little Greek
I have been casting shadows all my life without caring about how deeply they stain my soul
One should part from life as Ulysses parted from Nausicaa-- blessing it rather than in love with it
It says nothing against the ripeness of a spirit that it has a few worms
Life is hard to bear: but do not pretend to be so delicate!
Our faith in others betrays that we would rather have faith in ourselves
I love those that know not how to live except as down-goers, for they are the over-goers
This is my way, what is your way? The way doesn't exist
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star
What strange, perplexing, questionable questions!
I am not upset that you lie to me , I am upset that from now on I cant believe u
...all that is rare is for the rare
An instinct is weakened when it rationalises itself: for by rationalising itself it weakens itself
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not a goal
Your bad love of yourselves makes solitude a prison to you
He who is a firstling is ever sacrificed
Nothing succeeds if prankishness has no part in it
Of all that is written, I love only what a person hath written with his blood
When he judged himself, that was his supreme moment
A hearty meal is easier to digest than one that is too small
That which you term "moderation", I call "mediocrity"
Enjoyment belongs to those who know things halfway
Kalian tak akan pernah bahagia karena kesalahan kalian di masa lalu
They dislike, therefore, to hear of 'contempt' of themselves. So I will appeal to their pride
So bless me then, you tranquil eye that can behold even the greatest happiness without envy!
Every profound spirit needs a mask
We are so fond of being out in Nature because it has no opinions of us
The philosopher is lacking who interprets the deed and does not merely transpose it
I and me are always too deeply in conversation
[...] let us go with all our "devils" to the help of our "god"!
Thus do the gods justify the life of man: they themselves live it--the only satisfactory theodicy!
It is unworthy of great spirits to spread abroad the agitation they feel
Swallow your poison, for you need it badly
Who has not for the sake of his reputation sacrificed himself?
The great problems are to be encountered in the street
The frost of loneliness makes me shiver
Our ancestors pay the price for who we are
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those that could not hear the music
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn
This book is intended for calm readers
If the poet is not a real genius, I do not know what a genius is
We are noble, good, beautiful, and happy!
No one tells me anything new, so I tell myself my own story
Do I then strive after happiness? I strive after my work!
We should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh
The world itself is a filthy monster
I tell you: one must still have chaos within oneself, to give birth to a dancing star
For the male sickness of self-contempt, the surest cure is to be loved by a clever woman
Thus says the fool: "Association with men spoils the character, especially when one has none"
Even the wisest among you is only a conflict and hybrid of plant and ghost
Christianity is the metaphysics of the hangman
Many a man fails to become a thinker for the sole reason that his memory is too good
We like to be out in nature so much because it has no opinion about us
Not doubt, CERTAINTY is what drives one insane
Thereafter Zarathustra went on again for two hours, trusting to the path and the light of the stars
Women are still cats and birds. Or at the best, cows
Zarathustra has become a child, an awakened one
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play
God is dead
The worst mutilation of man that can be imagined presented as the "good man"
You have made your way from worm to man, and much in you is still worm
I am a yea-sayer
Is it better to out-monster the monster or to be quietly devoured
Whoever reaches his ideal transcends it eo ipso
The surest aid in combating the male's disease of self-contempt is to be loved by a clever woman
Why might not the world WHICH CONCERNS US-be a fiction?
Every past is worth condemning
A good book is made better by good readers and clearer by good opponents
Without music, life would be an error
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could noy hear the music
You will not get the crowd to cry Hosanna until you ride into town on an ass
To love those who despise us, and to give one's hand to the phantom who tries to frighten us?
The forumula of my happiness: a Yes, a No, a straight line, a goal
The demand to be loved is the greatest of all arrogant presumptions
Nevertheless, I am versed in the use of two weapons: saber and cannon - and, perhaps, one other . .
He who delights in solitude is either a wild beast or a god
There is always some madness in love.but there is also always some reason in madness
Books for general reading always smell badly. The odor of common people hangs about them
Joys want the eternity of all things, they want deep, profound eternity!
How could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?
What then in the last resort are the truths of mankind?--They are the irrefutable errors of mankind
Almost everything we call "higher culture" is based on the spiritualization of cruelty
I see many soldiers; could I but see many warriors!
In disrespecting, we show that we still mantain a sense of respect
In the end one loves one's desire and not what is desired
If you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you
The bowels of existence do not speak unto man, except as man
They rule, not because they want to, but because they are; they are not at liberty to play second
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how
To leave is to suffer,to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering
It is better to have loved and lost,than never to have loved at all..
Myself regarding the luxury of my truth. Enough, I still live; and life is not
Only a person of deep faith can afford the luxury of skepticism
Still am I the richest and most to be envied - I, the lonesomest one!
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule
Corruption is just a rude word for the autumn of a people
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes
... a thing can only live through a pious illusion
What is done out of love takes place beyond good and evil
In wickedness the haughty man and the weakling meet. But they misunderstand one another. I know you
Which does not kill us makes us stronger
I love to lose myself for a while
Fear is the mother of morality
All thy passions in the end became virtues, and all thy devils, angels
You great star, what would your happiness be had you not those for whom you shine?
Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you
The discerning one walketh amongst men as amongst animals
Valuating is itself the value and jewel of all valued things
That the other suffers has to be learned; and it can never be learned fully
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also his friends
The knight of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies, but also to hate his friends
Have you understood me? Dionysus versus Christ
Out of life's school of war: What does not destroy me, makes me stronger
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends
We have already gone beyond whatever we have words for
The abdomen is the reason why man does not easily take himself for a god
One in three all friends are: Brothers in distress, equals facing rivals, free men - facing death!
It was subtle of God to learn Greek when he wished to become an author - and not to learn it better
The Good Man Better an enmity from one block than friendship held together by glue
A man's stomach is the reason he does not easily take himself for a God
Against fantasists.- The fantasist denies reality to himself, the liar does so only to others
Many too many are born: for the superfluous ones was the state devised!
From which stars have we fallen to meet each other here
If you still experience the stars as something "over you," you still don't have the eyes of a knower
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
...To become what one is, one must not have the faintest notion what one is
Extreme positions are not succeeded by moderate ones, but by contrary extreme positions
If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving
Take care not to spit against the wind!
Morality is a fiction used by a herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior ones..!!
A thing can only live through a pious illusion
The creator wished to look away from himself,--thereupon he created the world
God is dood! God blijft dood! En wij hebben hem vermoord!
Not that you lied to me but that I no longer believe you has shaken me
Toma cuidado!... Ele está a reflectir: vai defender a sua mentira
Do whatever you will, but first be such as are able to will
When a man has been highly honored and has eaten a little he is most benevolent
He that feeds the hungry refreshes his own soul, says wisdom
... all life rests on appearance, art, illusion, optics, the need for perspective and for error..
It is true we love life; not because we are wont to live, but because we are wont to love
When the gratitude that many owe to one discards all modesty, then there is fame
Smooth ice is paradise for those who dance with expertise
Even your silence wants to choke me, you who are so abysmally silent
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not a goal
Let us face ourselves. We are Hyperboreans!
The wasteland grows
Populace above, populace below! What are "poor" and "rich"..
Pitch-black winter nights live in my bones
It goes to reason if you always on the reasons go
